Add save load docs (#763)
bluesky/ophyd-async: docs/how-to/store-and-retrieve.md

# How to store and retrieve device settings

> Ophyd-async has the functionality to easily store the current values of all of a [](#Device)'s [](#SignalRW)s in a fully customisable format, and to load that state to the Device during a [Bluesky plan](https://nsls-ii.github.io/bluesky/plans.html). For a plan which requires a Device to be in, or close to a known state, we can, before running an experiment plan:

Reviewer: We have intersphinx on this, so can reference objects in remote repos. The tricky thing is finding the right link. You can use `myst-inv` to do this:
```bash
$ myst-inv -n *plan* https://blueskyproject.io/bluesky/main/objects.inv
```
In this case I think the correct reference is `plans`, so this would be:
```suggestion
Ophyd-async has the functionality to easily store the current values of all of a [](#Device)'s [](#SignalRW)s in a fully customisable format, and to load that state to the Device during a [Bluesky plan](inv:bluesky#plans). For a plan which requires a Device to be in, or close to a known state, we can, before running an experiment plan:
```

1. Manually configure the Device to get it to the state which you want it be loaded to. This is done before running any experiment plans.
2. Use ophyd-async's [](#store_settings) plan to save this state.

Then, within the experiment plan:

3. Use [](#retrieve_settings) and [](#apply_settings) to set the Device back to its saved state.

> 4. Use [standard Bluesky plan stubs](https://nsls-ii.github.io/bluesky/plans.html#stub-plans) to change any SignalRW which vary from the loaded state and which may change each run.

Reviewer: Likewise
```suggestion
4. Use [standard Bluesky plan stubs](inv:bluesky#stub-plans) to change any SignalRW which vary from the loaded state and which may change each run.
```

## Saving a device (steps 1-2)

Step 1 in the above can be done in whatever way is most convenient for that [](#Device), for example through a synoptic screen or a web GUI.

For step two, we first need to decide the desired format of the stored data and use an appropriate [](#SettingsProvider), which specifies how to store and retrieve [](#Settings). A common way to store Settings is in the form of a yaml file which maps every [](#SignalRW) of a device to its value at the time of saving. For this, a [](#YamlSettingsProvider) is provided already. For storing Settings in other ways, you will need to implement your own SettingsProvider. Finally, we can manually trigger the [](#store_settings) plan stub on our device.

For example, running
```

> def save_panda(panda: HDFPanda):
>     provider = YamlSettingsProvider(directory_to_save_yaml_to)
>     yield from store_settings(provider, yaml_file_name, panda)

Reviewer: I wonder if this should be:
```suggestion
provider = YamlSettingsProvider(directory_to_save_yaml_to)
RE(store_settings(provider, yaml_file_name, device))
```
or maybe:
```suggestion
def save_panda1(name: str):
    provider = YamlSettingsProvider(directory_to_save_yaml_to)
    yield from store_settings(provider, f"panda1_{name}", panda1)
```
What do you think is the best way to recommend doing the save action?

Author: I guess this will most commonly be used using Bluesky interactively, so first suggestion makes more sense. I'm wondering if we should include device creation/connection for completeness but maybe that's overkill

Reviewer: Probably overkill as this is a how-to guide so doesn't need to be runnable code, just snippets people can adapt

```

> in the [RunEngine](https://nsls-ii.github.io/bluesky/generated/bluesky.run_engine.RunEngine.html?highlight=runengine#bluesky.run_engine.RunEngine) with a connected PandA will output a yaml file mapping all of that PandA's SignalRWs to its values at the time of saving.

Reviewer: Here we can reference the class directly
```suggestion
in the [RunEngine](#bluesky.run_engine.RunEngine) with a connected PandA will output a yaml file mapping all of that PandA's SignalRWs to its values at the time of saving.
```

## Loading a device to its stored state (step 3)
To set a device to the state we saved it to in step 2, we need to use the [](#retrieve_settings) plan stub, using the same [](#SettingsProvider) and [](#Device) which were used in step 2. When using this with the YamlSettingsProvider, this will convert the saved yaml file into a Settings object which is tied to the relevant device. Then use the [](#apply_settings) plan stub to set the SignalRWs on the connected device.

Some devices require extra logic when applying settings. For example, the PandA needs to set all its PVs with suffix "_units" before all its other PVs. A plan stub which includes this extra bit of logic is included for the PandA: [](#apply_panda_settings).

Continuing from the previous example, we can load the PandA by running
```
def load_panda(panda: HDFPanda):
    provider = YamlSettingsProvider(directory_to_save_yaml_to)
    settings = yield from retrieve_settings(provider, yaml_file_name, panda)

>     yield from apply_panda_settings(settings)

Reviewer: Again, I wonder if this would be better applied to panda1 to demonstrate that it's for a particular device?

```

## Miscellaneous
There are a few other useful plan stubs for saving and loading a Device:

>  - Where there are PV's which take a non-negligable amount of time to change, [](#apply_settings_if_different) will provide some speed-up.

Reviewer: Please could you expand the `load_panda` example with a usage of `apply_settings_if_different`?
